I always forget to tell you guys I have
a product this is flexi joints and it's
designed to do three things one reduces
inflammation because nothing is as hard
to move as a joint that's all puffy and
swollen two it reduces pain it won't get
rid of heartbreak but at least your knee
will feel good enough so that you can do
the stanky leg again and three it
lubricates basically it makes your
creaky hinges into something that's
buttery smooth instead and bonus it
helps with calcium absorption so your
bones won't just break break they'll
actually be a little bit stronger which
is great ah this one tastes like Sunny
this one like candy and this one's
unflavored so I usually stick it in my
coffee take care of your body and it
will take care of you thank my stay
flexy